Use Tailwind (#3)
HenryRiddallWork/DevOps-Course-Starter: README.md

The project uses poetry for Python to create an isolated environment and manage package dependencies. To prepare your system, ensure you have an official distribution of Python version 3.8+ and install Poetry using one of the following commands (as instructed by the [poetry documentation](https://python-poetry.org/docs/#system-requirements)):

For styling tailwindcss is used via their CLI tool. For this to work you must also have Node installed.

### VSCode

> It is reccomended to use VSCode for this project as there is an included launch config and linting has so far been enforced using VSCode extensions. The reccomended linting extensions are:

Reviewer: Really minor, but spelling error here 😄 
```suggestion
It is recommended to use VSCode for this project as there is an included launch config and linting has so far been enforced using VSCode extensions. The recommended linting extensions are:
```

- Better Jinja
- Black Formatter
- Mypy
- Prettier (You will also need the NPM package, installation details described in the style section)

However none of these styles are enforced yet so go wild I guess.

You may also want to install other extensions to make development easier such as Pylance and Tailwind CSS IntelliSense (this extension is especially helpul if you are new to tailwind).

### Styles

- Install the latest version of Node from: https://nodejs.org/en

> - Install the dependancies using `npm install`
> - To keep the css build updated run the cli tool with the following command (--watch will watch for file changes in the project regenerate the CSS when neccisary):

Reviewer: Similarly, I know not the focus but I do like correct spelling 😄 
```suggestion
- Install the dependencies using `npm install`
- To keep the css build updated run the cli tool with the following command (--watch will watch for file changes in the project regenerate the CSS when necessary):
```

Author: Correct spelling > incorect spling

```
npx tailwindcss -i ./todo_app/tailwind.css -o ./todo_app/static/css/index.css --watch

> ```

Reviewer: **This is not important, just in case interesting**

I often feel that having a separate extra command for this kind of thing is _slightly_ annoying as a dev; this definitely isn't important but if we can bake it into the "default" run command, I always think that's nicer. I have used poetry's `scripts` section before, but it looks like it's not great at running arbitrary commands and certainly not combos ([e.g. this discussion](https://github.com/python-poetry/poetry/issues/2310)) - one option might be [this plugin](https://github.com/nat-n/poethepoet) but given that you've brought in NPM, I know we can solve this there!

For example, we could:
* Install the `concurrently` package, so we can run two commands in parallel with a single command
* Add a scripts section to our `package.json` that looks something like:
```json
  "scripts": {
    "css": "npx tailwindcss -i ./todo_app/tailwind.css -o ./todo_app/static/css/index.css --watch",
    "dev": "concurrently \"npm run css\" \"poetry run flask run\""
  }
```
And then we can start both css and app together with `npm run dev`

Author: Ooooo thats very nice, I also didn't like having to run extra commands but hadn't considered enforcing it on run... but that makes a lot of sense as you would always want the current css 😄
